If the output is a number or several numbers like how serious a disease is, 
how emotional some music is, or how cute a kitten is we call it regression.

Machine Learning can create new images, music or synthetic speech in which 
case we call it a generative model.

Whenever we train a model on examples of input and output, we call it supervised learning.
W​hat is the output of classification? : category, these categories are also called classes.

Nerest neighbour algorithm

feature extraction  (zero crossing count)
Learning = Representation + Evaluation + Optimization. ...
Feature Engineering is the Key
Feature extraction is important in machine learning. By having many datasets we can make good decision.

application : images sound, language  bags of words. 
translation software
speech recognition
recommendation system
image decoder
Live facial expression using specs 
Prediction of peoples behavior

operation of critical machines using authenticated sound. (pharmaceuticals)

greenary detection with Machine learnig. also prediction about the same. 
Articulate the problem early.
Establish data collection mechanisms.
Format data to make it consistent.
Reduce data.
Complete data cleaning.
Decompose data.
Rescale data.
Discretize data.


/*
Collecting a dataset
You now need to work on your main exercise for this topic: collecting a data set of your own and training a model.

What you need to do is:

Choose a task that you want the machine learning algorithm to learn. That will be a classification task: putting images into classes.
Choose 2 or 3 classes appropriate to your task and that you think machine learning will be able to distinguish.
Collect data for each task (between 20 and 40 examples of each class should work). Each example should be an image, you could take photographs yourself or use existing images.
Divide your dataset into a training and testing set.
Use the plugin in the next activity to train a model on your dataset, in the same way as you have trained with the datasets we gave you last week.
Use your testing set to evaluate how well your classifier works. How many examples did it get right?
If necessary try to improve the result by collecting more data, or maybe changing the tasks slightly.
After the main exercise you will be asked to reflect on your results.

*/